If I want to upload
a file to Box,
why do I need to go to Box?
Why do I need you to know
Box exists if I'm a user?
Why do I need to have training
in all these different systems
and where to go and URLs?
Why can't I just
go to the place I
know students are going
to be, whether that's
a content management
system, learning management
system, what have you, and
drag and drop my file and get
asked, would you like this
to be saved somewhere?
With [INAUDIBLE]
centers in one page,
you can identify the things
that you want to use.
So if you want to use images or
if you want to upload a video,
do you want to have the text or
the transcriptions on the page?
You can upload all
those pieces easily.
Would you like this
to be presented
as a link or an inline
PDF or whatever,
instead of right
now where you have,
I got to go figure out
where to place this file.
I got to set
permissions correctly.
I need you to know enough HTML
in order to make it show up,
all of things that
I'm going to be judged
on if I'm a faculty
member that I really
shouldn't need to know.
They like it more
just because they
can be part of that process,
whereas before some things
were a little bit
harder for them
to use because they're
not as comfortable
with the technology.
A lot of times once they
are done writing content,
I kind of moved on my own.
We can kind of do
this collaboratively,
just because the technology
is a lot easier to use.
What use to take say
three or four steps,
now it take one because it is
on that one kind of page format,
where you can select which
pieces you want to use.
So we really ultimately don't
want people going anywhere
to accomplish the
thing they want.
The future of our
authoring experience
will basically be people click
once and do the thing they want
and then forget about it.